hello everyone today I'm going to be
doing a review on the lush sea spray
hair mist
enzyme I got this probably two months
ago um I think I when used aged two
times maybe but um I've just used it on
my hair so why don't you guys see um it
does not look as good as it does on
camera because it doesn't look at fit on
camera it does in person but um yeah so
basically I did was I did my white hair
care routine which I change every bit so
I might do an update video on that and
then I just got me spray and then I just
spray I turned my head upside down and
it sprayed and I just scrunch my hair
for probably fifteen minutes straight
maybe 20 minutes um just to get it just
kind of textured so um yeah and as you
guys can tell my red hair color up here
is more vibrant than the color down here
it's kind of fading down here to kind of
like a brownish dark red I'm not very
fond of it but um anyway that's not the
point of this video so yeah I use this
and um when I first got another store my
mom was hesitant to get it because she's
like oh you know what if this doesn't
work she didn't think it would make my
hair look how I thought it would I
thought it would give me tousle beachy
waves which look it did guys but um she
didn't think that it would do that but
um so she was hesitant was finally able
to convince reading it for me then of
course the guy it's the washer what's
going on you'll love this follow ball
anything to get us to buy it but um
anyway so no my mom commented that I
hadn't used it Peters going I was like
oh wow I like heaven so I use it today
and I do like it how the texture I gave
my hair just give it her like a wavy
look and on my hair definitely does
smell good
um I avoided the root area
really just because um but yeah it's
natural it's vegan so it has no animal
in it which is great yeah I don't know
if this was safer right here my feeling
is totally free just because I think is
I don't know but I'm cuz when you have
right Harry not supposed to use um Harry
Park specific sets the color but um
anyways so yeah so this is just kind of
my opinions on these he felt sprayed by
lush and I'll just show you the results
again I would like to say pros and cons
of products the cons of this product hmm
I'm trying to think if there is any I
haven't really know if any I mean it
doesn't make my hair too wavy but I mean
it does look pretty good so yeah and
then the pros of this product are that I
did like the texture that he gave my
hair my hair does not feel crunchy or
dirty but my hands were kind of sticky
afterwards and I had to wash them so I
this product I think was like nine
dollars so that's kind of offensive
least I think that's not much it cost
mmm would I repurchase this um possibly
maybe but anyway this you guys enjoy to
review thank you so much watching please
thumbs up and look forward to more views
bye guys